I think everyone in the world should have a gun and carry it everywhere!
Guns and their owners are not the problem. People Who get in the way of the bullets are the problem LOL #texasproud #gunlord
If there were more guns there would be less deaths. That's just statistics.
More White folks need to be listen and learn a thing or two! #DontTakeMyGuns #GunGuys #GunLove
The president is trying to take away my guns!!
My 14 year old SON can't bring his handgun to school? MAN a lot has changed since I was a kid. We used to trade bullets at lunch #fungundad
Abortion should be illegal and guns should be mandatory.
Assault is an action, not an object! My guns are INNOCENT and do NOT deserve this descrimination #gunrights #gunlivesmatter
Proud to open carry, lib gun control freaks should have to wear a ribbon or something so I know who not to protect when shit goes down
I want my pistol emoji not a squirt gun?????? Emojis don't kill people. #gunlivesmatter
I only use my gun for hunting... liberals. #2Adefenders
Save this gun! It only did what its owner commanded... and, did not act upon its own.... #GunLivesMatter #haveMercy
wen shit goes down and libs are beatin on my shelter door for food and protection and then one asks to see my open carry permit smdh
I use to think Obama was cool bc he's black, but now he crossed the line! JUST 1 MORE #ANTIGUN IDIOT
Anyone that tries to ban cool guns is gay IMO
So if I try to buy an auotmatic weapon LEGALLY I cant but if I sneak over the border from mexico with a case of em i get amnesty? fuck that.
So, what, I can't take my gun into the civic court now? What is this nation coming to?
It should be easier to get guns! Everyone should have one!
Guns = good. When's the last time anyone did a bad thing with a gun?
My guns are the only thing keeping me safe from this LIBERAL government.
Gays can get married but I can't be with my gun? Seems like a double standard, IMO.
Women can vote but I can't make the DECISION to keep my gun? Seems like a double standard, IMO.