Good point. I didn't think of it that way!
Oh my god, I'm so sorry. You're totally right.
I'm sorry, and you're right.
Excellent point. I was very wrong!
When you put it that way, I see your point!
I'm glad you called me out on this. Thanks! :)
WHOA good point! I don't know why I said that, must be having an off day.
What was I thinking!!!!! Hahah thanks :)
I'm sorry, you are right.
I never thought of it that way. I'll try to do better in the future.
Huh, that really made me reconsider. Wow. Ok, you're right.
I want to hate what you are saying but the more I think about it, you might be right.
Ok... Wow. You make a good point here.
I think I get what you are saying... I might have been off base here.
Thanks for saying something. My head must not be screwed on straight, haha!
I want to defend my point but, honestly, yours makes more sense.
Hmm, I see what you're saying. Thanks!
Sorry for what I said earlier. I was in the wrong.
Omg what the heck was I thinking! Thanks for calling me out.
Honestly a lot of that was just what my friends say, I wish I knew more people like you.
I guess I wasn't really thinking when I said that. Sorry, you are totally right.
It took a lot of courage to say that to me and, honestly, I am gald you did. You're right on this one.
Wow... ok. you saying that is actually making me rethink a lot of things. Huh...
I never thought about it that way! #imwithher #hillary2016
You're right. Guns ARE out of control in this country.
Good point. This is making me think about throwing my guns in the garbage.
Maybe guns aren't the answer to my problems. Thanks for adding to the dialogue :)
Now that I think of it, I guess gun control would be good for America. Thanks!
I never thought of it that way! It's good to hear a different opinion about guns. Thanks.
*puts gun down, nods head, says 'thank you' to you*
You're right, maybe the answer isn't guns. I'm thinking a little differently now.
Huh. I've never actually heard someone make that point about guns before... I'll have to think about that.
Wow, I've never heard someone stand up against guns like that. Sorta thinking twice about what I said.