Good point. I didn't think of it that way!
Oh my god, I'm so sorry. You're totally right.
I'm sorry, and you're right.
Excellent point. I was very wrong!
When you put it that way, I see your point!
I'm glad you called me out on this. Thanks! :)
WHOA good point! I don't know why I said that, must be having an off day.
What was I thinking!!!!! Hahah thanks :)
I'm sorry, you are right.
I never thought of it that way. I'll try to do better in the future.
Huh, that really made me reconsider. Wow. Ok, you're right.
I want to hate what you are saying but the more I think about it, you might be right.
Ok... Wow. You make a good point here.
I think I get what you are saying... I might have been off base here.
Thanks for saying something. My head must not be screwed on straight, haha!
I want to defend my point but, honestly, yours makes more sense.
Hmm, I see what you're saying. Thanks!
Sorry for what I said earlier. I was in the wrong.
Omg what the heck was I thinking! Thanks for calling me out.
Honestly a lot of that was just what my friends say, I wish I knew more people like you.
I guess I wasn't really thinking when I said that. Sorry, you are totally right.
It took a lot of courage to say that to me and, honestly, I am gald you did. You're right on this one.
Wow... ok. you saying that is actually making me rethink a lot of things. Huh...
I never thought about it that way! #imwithher #hillary2016
You're right. The Black Lives Matter protesters are justified in their activism.
Of course racism is real. It's something we should all work on. Thanks!
Thanks for talking about this with me! I need to think more about how I talk about race.
I'm glad you said something. I'm just as bad as the other racists! Something I need to work on.
Thanks! I need to stop spewing racist rhetoric, it's not helping anyone.
I've never thought about the BLM movement through that lens. Thanks for keeping me in check.
Hey can I DM you about this? I actually have some questions about BLM and I'm a little nervous to say them publically.