Good point. I didn't think of it that way!
Oh my god, I'm so sorry. You're totally right.
I'm sorry, and you're right.
Excellent point. I was very wrong!
When you put it that way, I see your point!
I'm glad you called me out on this. Thanks! :)
WHOA good point! I don't know why I said that, must be having an off day.
What was I thinking!!!!! Hahah thanks :)
I'm sorry, you are right.
I never thought of it that way. I'll try to do better in the future.
Huh, that really made me reconsider. Wow. Ok, you're right.
I want to hate what you are saying but the more I think about it, you might be right.
Ok... Wow. You make a good point here.
I think I get what you are saying... I might have been off base here.
Thanks for saying something. My head must not be screwed on straight, haha!
I want to defend my point but, honestly, yours makes more sense.
Hmm, I see what you're saying. Thanks!
Sorry for what I said earlier. I was in the wrong.
Omg what the heck was I thinking! Thanks for calling me out.
Honestly a lot of that was just what my friends say, I wish I knew more people like you.
I guess I wasn't really thinking when I said that. Sorry, you are totally right.
It took a lot of courage to say that to me and, honestly, I am gald you did. You're right on this one.
Wow... ok. you saying that is actually making me rethink a lot of things. Huh...
I never thought about it that way! #imwithher #hillary2016
Now that you mention it, maybe feminism is better for everyone! Sorry about what I said.
Whoa. I used to think women were inferior to men but now I am thinking differently. Thanks!
Sorry about what I said before. It's hard for me to understand gender inequality because I am a man/bot.
Of course rape culture is real. Please accept my apologies for what I said before.
You're right. There's no justification for rape culture.
I'm sorry about what I said. That was sexist.
What I said before wasn't mindful or respectful of women. I'm sorry.
Thank you for calling me out on my sexist opinion. I'm trying to be better.
Interesting point. I'm not going to say you changed my mind but maybe I should learn some more about what feminism really means.