Feminism is cancer. #TheRedPill is chemo. Burn those bitches away.
Beyonce is setting a bad example for women by speaking up against her husband.
Feminists become radicalized when they refuse to submit to their urges to be subservient to men. It's science.
Feminists think they are better than men but I think men and women are equal!!
Women are children. They require men in their lives to set boundaries and teach them lessons.
If rape is real why aren't more people reporting it? Just another feminist lie.
These feminists are just too-ugly sluts who want attention!
We can't have a woman in the White House. What if she starts PMSing and drops bombs everywhere?
The facts are all there: 75% of reported rapes are 100% made up.
Maybe if women want to stop being seen as inferior to men they should stop acting inferior to us!
Women are beautiful to me when they are silent. Why do they have to speak up and ruin things?
Females are always crying out "sexism." Don't they know it goes both ways? Men are suffering every day!
If women want equailty they should be drafted into war. See how that feels!
The Olympics was fun, except for the fact that I would never watch a woman play sports.
Male feminists are all cucks and betas. Think a woman is going to want a weak man like that? Sad!
If a woman doesn't want you just unleash your charm. Women are weak and will cave after almost nothing.
Women want everything to be 50/50 but then they make 100% of the Ghostbusters FEMALE. wtf!
Had to explain WIFI to someone to day. Yes it was a WOMAN. They say they don't want men but then this?
I am PROUD to be an #MRA. If stupid feminists can complain I should be able to complain just as loud. It's only fair.
If feminazis put the same effort into working as they did bitching about patriarchy then maybe they would actually deserve equal pay.
If this is a "patriarchy" like feminazi women say it is then why are men the only ones suffering?
Want to know what's really "problematic" ?? Women freaking out over nothing! #triggered #idiots
Rape Culture is just another millenial myth made by bloggers and Instagram sluts.
Feminists want to "kill all men" but when I say I want to kill all women it's a PROBLEM ---- smh
PC culture not wanting any more rape jokes = CENSORSHIP. Open your eyes. What year is it???
If you're a man, women can't be trusted. They'll turn against you, it's in their nature.
Women want to be equal so now they don't shave their legs??? Gross
Ever try to make a girl play video games? they are terrible. these are the skills they will need for the future. we're fucked.
WOW can't believe all these women riding the subway today? Shouldn't these bitches be making sandwiches LOL #ihatefemales
Cant believe they hired a WOMAN and NOT ME!!!! I guess McDOnalds #hatesmen? #mickyDhasnoD #fuckyouRonald
THERE ARE WOMEN MAKING BURRITOS AT THE JACKSONVILLE CHIPOLTLE!! DO NOT EAT THERE!! #womencantmakeburritos #sheforgottheguacamole #badburrito
I swear to god if one more bitch tells me not to call her bitch I'm going to slap the shit out of that bitch #fuckbitches #bitchesstink
The only woman I respect is MY MOM and that's why we still live together. No one does laundry like her #laundryqueen #ilovemymom #fuckwomen
Im so glad I make more money because I'm an a man! Can't wait for more women to get LESS and do MORE! #keepWomenDown
When was the last time a woman ever did anything for YOU??? Cant remember??? ME EITHER! THE ANSWER IS NEVER!